Are you willing to go away, adieuieek?
Bighitari
What is it,tó
unable to seem so far away?
Ayako
can be said to
have suffered too much
aromatic
virtual
rich
I Station knows us
We maybe
to need everything
Especially from those
people
Lately, I am tired of stretching my body Müsl dodge
Lively vaccinated
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, damn it
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh...